this is a very special Strictly Come
Dancing for the big night in welcome
tonight to everyone at home and thank
you so much for joining us for the big
night in in this very strange time we're
hoping to keep you entertained and we'd
love it if you would join us with a bit
of a dance that is right because for the
past week are brilliant professional
dancers have been online teaching you at
home a spectacular dance routine so now
dancing to do leapers physical please
welcome our fantastic strictly
professional dancers and you the great
British public and remember top key
dancing
[Music]
who needs to go to sleep when I got you
next to me
[Music]
[Applause]
who needs to go to sleep when I got you
next to me
[Music]
[Applause]
this was created as part of the big
night in and we hope you like the videos
and we also hope that you'll click the
link below and make a donation because
right now our charities up and down the
UK are providing urgent and essential
help to those most in need
so hopefully if we can hand in your
pocket and give what you can thank you